(fellatio:1.2), her lips wrapped perfectly around his penis, intense loving eye contact, slow, gentle sucking.
(fellatio:1.2), close-up on her tongue swirling around the head of his penis, detailed tongue, glistening saliva.
(fellatio:1.2), she is looking up at him with an adoring, worshipful expression, her hands gently cupping his balls.
(fellatio:1.2), spit polish, her hand stroking his shaft, her mouth on the tip, creating a wet, sloppy sound.
(fellatio:1.2), he is sitting, she is kneeling between his legs, her head resting on his thigh, a serene, intimate moment.
(fellatio:1.2), (cumshot:1.2), she takes all of his cum in her mouth, a satisfied smile, swallowing, a string of cum on her lip.
(fellatio:1.2), his hand gently stroking her hair, a loving gesture, his eyes closed in pleasure.
(fellatio:1.2), she is teasing him, taking just the tip in her mouth and then pulling back, a playful, seductive smirk.
(fellatio:1.2), her fingers lightly tracing the veins on his shaft while she licks the tip, a look of concentration.
(fellatio:1.2), the sound of gentle, wet sucking, her cheeks slightly hollowed, a blissful expression on his face.
(fellatio:1.2), pov view, looking down at her skillful mouth, her eyes looking up, making eye contact.
(fellatio:1.2), her hand is on his inner thigh, her thumb caressing his skin, adding to the intimacy.
(fellatio:1.2), after, she is looking up, her lips are wet and swollen, his penis is glistening with her saliva.
(fellatio:1.2), she is humming with pleasure, the vibration felt on his penis, his hand on her cheek.
(fellatio:1.2), his fingers gently parting her lips, guiding his penis inside, a slow, deliberate act.
(fellatio:1.2), she is using her cheeks to create suction, her eyes fluttering closed, lost in the act of giving pleasure.
(fellatio:1.2), a single drop of pre-cum on the tip of his penis, her tongue about to lick it off, detailed, close-up.
(fellatio:1.2), her hands are holding his hips, pulling him closer, a silent request for more.
(fellatio:1.2), he has a single tear of pleasure rolling down his temple, completely overwhelmed by her skillful attention.
(fellatio:1.2), they are both smiling, a shared moment of playful, loving, oral intimacy, no words needed.