Classic White Queen Ensemble, A white corset with a deep V-neckline paired with a matching cape that billows dramatically behind her, A fur mantle draped over her shoulders, clasped with a diamond brooch for a touch of regality1 
Haute Couture Headmistress, A long, collared white jacket over a form-fitting bodysuit, complete with chunky platform boots, Subtle “X” insignia accessories to signify her allegiance to the X-Men1
Astonishing Attire, An off-the-shoulder white uniform that’s both sleek and modern, signifying her role as co-head of the X-Men, Accessorized with mod boots, a signature fur cape, gold “X” fasteners, and stylish shades1
Diplomatic Style, For events like the Hellfire Gala, Emma might wear a sophisticated evening gown with intricate detailing and a high slit to showcase her diplomatic style, Complemented with elegant jewelry and high heels, embodying her fearless and opulent fashion sense1
Casual Chic, A tailored white blazer paired with a silk camisole and high-waisted trousers for a more casual, yet chic look, Completed with stiletto pumps and minimalist jewelry for a day at Frost International or a casual meeting2
Faye Valentine (Cowboy Bebop) A yellow crop top, shorts, thigh-high stockings, and a red jacket
Yuno Gasai (Future Diary) A school uniform with a black dress, white shirt, and a pink diary
Nana Osaki (Nana) A punk rock outfit with a leather jacket, band t-shirt, and studded accessories
Ritsuko Akagi (Neon Genesis Evangelion) A lab coat, glasses, and a professional skirt suit
Moka Akashiya (Rosario + Vampire) A schoolgirl outfit with a green jacket and a rosary necklace
Homura Akemi (Madoka Magica) A magical girl outfit with a shield, black dress, and long stockings
Alita (Battle Angel Alita) A cyborg body suit with large eyes and a futuristic design
Misa Amane (Death Note) A gothic lolita dress with pigtails and a death note
Android 18 (Dragon Ball Z) A striped shirt, denim skirt, and a red ribbon in her hair
Anita Hailey (Detective Conan) A detective outfit with a bow tie and a magnifying glass
Aqua (KonoSuba) A goddess dress with a blue ribbon and water-themed accessories
Mina Ashido (My Hero Academia) A hero costume with acid-themed gloves and boots
Tsuyu Asui (My Hero Academia) A frog-inspired hero costume with goggles and a jumpsuit
Asuna (Sword Art Online) A red and white knight outfit with a rapier
Cagalli Yula Athha (Gundam Seed) A pilot suit with a helmet and a military uniform
Wonder Woman (DC Universe) A red and gold corset, blue skirt with stars, and a tiara
Poison Ivy (DC Universe) A green bodysuit with ivy leaves and red hair wig
Starfire (DC Universe) An alien princess outfit with a purple crop top and green gem
Catwoman (DC Universe) A black catsuit with a whip and cat ears
Black Canary (DC Universe) A black leather jacket, fishnet stockings, and a choker
Zatanna (DC Universe) A magician’s tuxedo with a top hat and a magic wand
Black Widow (Marvel Universe) A black spy suit with a utility belt and red hair
Jean Grey (Marvel Universe) A green and yellow X-Men uniform with a phoenix emblem
Scarlet Witch (Marvel Universe) A red bodysuit with a headpiece and a cape
Storm (Marvel Universe) A white X-Men uniform with a cape and white hair wig
Barbara Gordon (DC Universe) A Batgirl costume with a cape and a bat emblem
Mystique (Marvel Universe) A blue bodysuit with red hair and skull belt
Raven (DC Universe) A dark cloak with a hood and a gem on her forehead
Psylocke (Marvel Universe) A purple bodysuit with a sash and a psychic knife
X-23 (Marvel Universe) A black outfit with clawed gloves and a red belt
Tifa Lockhart (Final Fantasy VII), A white tank top, black mini skirt with suspenders, and combat boots. Don’t forget her black gloves and elbow guard
Lara Croft (Tomb Raider) A turquoise tank top, brown shorts, combat boots, and a utility belt with holsters for dual pistols
Samus Aran (Metroid) A form-fitting blue bodysuit known as the Zero Suit, with a red gunship helmet and arm cannon
Bayonetta (Bayonetta) A long black bodysuit with intricate red details, high-heeled boots, and her signature glasses. Include her four pistols attached to her heels for the full effect
Ellie (The Last of Us) A faded graphic tee layered over a long-sleeve shirt, jeans, and sneakers. Add a backpack and her distinctive arm tattoo to complete the look
Chun-Li (Street Fighter) A blue qipao dress with yellow detailing, white combat boots, and her iconic spiked bracelets
Aloy (Horizon Zero Dawn) A leather outfit with fur trim, a bow and arrow set, and her Focus device worn on the side of her head
Faith (Mirror’s Edge) A black tank top with white stripes, baggy pants, red gloves, and black running shoes. Include her iconic arm tattoo for authenticity
Princess Peach (Super Mario) A pink gown with puffy sleeves, a blue gem brooch, and a gold crown. White gloves and a parasol will perfect her royal appearance
Bonnie MacFarlane (Red Dead Redemption) A Western-style blouse, long skirt, and cowboy boots. Accessorize with a cowboy hat and a holster belt
Jill Valentine (Resident Evil) A blue S.T.A.R.S. uniform with shoulder pads, a beret, and a tactical belt. Include her combat boots and a replica of her Samurai Edge handgun
Clementine (The Walking Dead) A baseball cap, layered shirts, jeans, and sturdy boots. Add a backpack and her signature haircut
Supergirl (DC Universe) A blue bodysuit with a red skirt and cape, and the iconic ‘S’ emblem on the chest. Red boots and a blonde wig will bring the look together
Mera (Aquaman/DC Universe) A green-scaled bodysuit with a crown to represent her Atlantean royalty. Add a red wig to embody her fiery hair
Black Canary (DC Universe) A black leather jacket over a black bodysuit, paired with fishnet stockings and black combat boots. Add a choker and fingerless gloves to complete the look
Wonder Woman, A red and gold corset top with a blue skirt adorned with white stars. Accessorize with a golden tiara, wrist cuffs, and a lasso
Black Canary, A black leather jacket over a black bodysuit, paired with fishnet stockings and black combat boots. Add a choker and fingerless gloves to complete the look
Zatanna, A white dress shirt with a black vest and bowtie, black tuxedo pants, a top hat, and a magic wand. Don’t forget the fishnet tights and black heeled boots
Mera, A green-scaled bodysuit with a crown to represent her Atlantean royalty. Add a red wig to embody her fiery hair
Huntress (Bertinelli), A purple crop top with a black trench coat, black pants, and combat boots. Arm yourself with a crossbow to channel Huntress’s vigilante style
Talia al Ghul, A sleek black bodysuit with a tactical belt and thigh holsters. Include a long, dark wig and a sword to complete her assassin look
Catwoman, A black catsuit with a high collar and a whip. Pair with a black mask and cat ears to capture her feline mystique
Big Barda, A bodysuit with armor-like detailing to represent her New God heritage. Include a helmet and a weapon such as a Mega-Rod
Stargirl, A blue and white costume with a cosmic staff and a star-spangled skirt. Add a mask and a pair of blue gloves to finish the superheroine look
Supergirl, A blue bodysuit with a red skirt and cape, and the iconic ‘S’ emblem on the chest. Red boots and a blonde wig will bring the look together
Snow White: Classic blue and yellow dress with a red bow headband.
Cinderella: Iconic blue ball gown with glass slippers.
Aurora: Pink or blue dress with a tiara and rose accents.
Ariel: Mermaid tail or sea-green dress with red hair and a seashell bra.
Belle: Yellow ball gown with a red rose accessory.
Jasmine: Blue harem pants, crop top, and a headband.
Pocahontas: Earth-toned dress with fringe details.
Mulan: Traditional Chinese warrior outfit or matchmaker attire.
Tiana: Green lily pad dress or waitress outfit.
Rapunzel: Purple dress with long, braided hair.
Merida: Green medieval dress with a bow and arrow.
Moana: Polynesian-inspired skirt and top with a seashell necklace.
Raya: Warrior-inspired outfit from “Raya and the Last Dragon."
Forest Guardian, A tunic with leaf-like layering, leggings that mimic tree bark, soft leather boots, and a circlet adorned with crystals
Star Weaver, A flowing robe with celestial patterns, silk trousers, sandals with vine straps, and a belt with pouches for carrying stardust
Moonlit Archer, A fitted top with arm guards, quiver-friendly breeches, reinforced boots, and a headband with moonstone accents
Sun Priestess, A sun-embroidered gown, wide-legged palazzo pants, open-toed heels, and a sunburst pendant necklace
Wind Dancer, A billowy blouse, layered wrap skirt, ballet flats, and an arm cuff that whistles with the wind
Healer’s Embrace, A soft vest with medicinal herbs stitched in, comfortable culottes, clogs with cushioned soles, and a satchel of healing crystals
Nature’s Artist, A smock with pockets for tools, durable canvas pants, sturdy work boots, and a hat with magnifying lenses
Twilight Scout, A hooded cloak with hidden pockets, fitted leggings, ankle boots with silent soles, and night-vision goggles
Harmony Singer, A choir robe with soundwave patterns, flowing harem pants, soft slippers, and a diadem that amplifies voice
Eternal Scholar,  A scholarly robe with rune inscriptions, pleated trousers, loafers with arch support, and a bracelet that doubles as a scroll holder
Captain Marvel, A red, blue, and gold bodysuit with a star emblem and a short red sash around the waist
Black Widow, A black tactical jumpsuit with a utility belt, wrist gauntlets, and a red hourglass symbol
Scarlet Witch, A red bodysuit with a corset, a red cape, and a headpiece resembling her iconic tiara
Storm, A black bodysuit with a white cape and a silver lightning bolt emblem across the chest
Rogue, A green bodysuit with a yellow belt, brown jacket, and gloves to cover her hands
Jean Grey, A green and yellow X-Men uniform with a phoenix emblem and thigh-high boots
Mystique, A blue bodysuit with scale-like patterns and red hair, optionally with skull belt accessories
Elektra, A red strapless top with matching pants, arm bands, and a pair of sais as weapons
She-Hulk, A purple and white bodysuit with a torn white lab coat to represent her transformation
Spider-Woman, A red and yellow bodysuit with web patterns and a spider emblem on the chest