(footjob on balls:1.2), (ball trampling:1.1), solo female, 1boy, she is standing on his balls, he is wincing, pained pleasure expression.
(footjob on balls:1.2), her soles gently squeezing his testicles, a teasing, playful smile on her face, he is biting his lip.
(footjob on balls:1.2), (extreme close-up:1.3), her arched foot, the heel pressing down on his scrotum, detailed skin indentation.
(footjob on balls:1.2), her toes gently curling and uncurling around his balls, a look of intense concentration on her face.
(footjob on balls:1.2), he is lying on his back, she is sitting, her feet on his groin, one foot rubbing his penis, the other teasing his balls.
(footjob on balls:1.2), he has an orgasm from the stimulation, (ruined orgasm:1.1), his cum leaking out, a look of shock on his face.
(footjob on balls:1.2), she is using both feet, trapping his balls between her soles, applying pressure, a dominant expression.
(footjob on balls:1.2), his hands are tied, he is completely vulnerable to her feet, a resigned, aroused expression.
(footjob on balls:1.2), her feet are covered in lube, slipping and sliding over his balls, glistening, messy.
(footjob on balls:1.2), pov view, looking down at her feet on his groin, his penis is half-erect, his balls are red.
(footjob on balls:1.2), she is looking at him with a cruel, mocking smile, enjoying his reaction, femdom.
(footjob on balls:1.2), his whole body is trembling from the intense, sensitive stimulation, sweat beading on his forehead.
(footjob on balls:1.2), after, his balls are red and swollen, her footprint visible on his skin, a dazed look on his face.
(footjob on balls:1.2), she uses the tips of her toes to gently poke and prod his testicles, a delicate, teasing torture.
(footjob on balls:1.2), side view, showing her leg extended, her foot pressing down, his hips lifting off the bed from the pressure.
(footjob on balls:1.2), his hands gripping her ankles, a silent plea for more or less, his eyes locked with hers.
(footjob on balls:1.2), a single tear of pained pleasure rolling down his cheek, his mouth open, gasping.
(footjob on balls:1.2), her painted toenails lightly scratching his scrotum, leaving faint red lines, a dangerous look in her eyes.
(footjob on balls:1.2), she is using her feet to stretch his scrotum, pulling it, a look of shock and arousal on his face.
(footjob on balls:1.2), cum is dripping onto her foot, he came from the intense stimulation, she looks down at the mess with a smirk.