(licking penis:1.2), (extreme close-up:1.3), her tongue swirling around the head of his penis, detailed tongue, glistening pre-cum.
(licking penis:1.2), a long lick from the base to the tip, leaving a wet trail of saliva, his eyes are closed in bliss.
(licking penis:1.2), she is licking his balls, her tongue carefully tracing every curve, he is gasping, his legs trembling.
(licking penis:1.2), her tongue flicking rapidly against his frenulum, a teasing, tickling motion, he is squirming with pleasure.
(licking penis:1.2), he is sitting, she is kneeling, holding his penis shaft, her tongue swirling around the tip, a playful, lustful smile.
(licking penis:1.2), his hand gently holding the back of her head, watching her tongue work, a look of intense satisfaction.
(licking penis:1.2), pov view, looking down at her mouth, her tongue making circles on the head of his penis.
(licking penis:1.2), after his orgasm, she is licking the cum off his shaft, cleaning him with her tongue, an intimate aftermath.
(licking penis:1.2), her tongue is probing the slit at the tip of his penis, a look of intense concentration on her face.
(licking penis:1.2), his whole body is covered in goosebumps from her licking, shivering with pleasure, a single tear on his cheek.
(licking penis:1.2), her other hand is gently stroking his shaft while she licks his balls, double stimulation.
(licking penis:1.2), his pre-cum is glistening on her tongue, detailed, close-up, saliva.
(licking penis:1.2), she is looking up at him with adoring eyes while her tongue swirls around him, worshipful.
(licking penis:1.2), a single, slow, deliberate lick up the underside of his shaft, his back arches.
(licking penis:1.2), saliva dripping from her chin onto his thighs, a messy, wet scene, she is focused.
(licking penis:1.2), his penis is twitching and jumping in response to her tongue, involuntary reaction.
(licking penis:1.2), she has a pierced tongue, the metal stud rubbing against his penis, he has a shocked, pleased expression.
(licking penis:1.2), her hands gripping his thighs, holding him still, her tongue working skillfully.
(licking penis:1.2), the taste of him on her lips, she licks her own lips seductively after pulling away for a moment.
(licking penis:1.2), her tongue making broad, flat strokes up and down his shaft, a different texture, he groans.