(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), (clothed paizuri:1.1), his penis rubbing between her clothed breasts, rhythmic motion.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), (cumshot:1.2), he cums on her shirt, a large wet patch between her breasts, messy.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), extreme close-up, his penis head pressing against the fabric of her bra, detailed texture.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), she is squeezing her breasts together with her hands, trapping his penis, a dominant smirk.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), he is lying down, she is kneeling over him, grinding his cock with her clothed cleavage, lustful expression.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), his pre-cum is soaking through the fabric of her shirt, a dark, wet spot forming.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), his hands are on her breasts, squeezing them around his penis from the outside, he is in control.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), pov view, looking down at his penis rubbing against her chest, her cleavage visible through the shirt.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), a look of intense pleasure on his face, his eyes rolling back, her shirt is getting wet.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), she is looking down at him with a teasing, playful smile, watching him get off on her.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), side view, cinematic, showing the friction and the movement of her chest against his shaft.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), his orgasm, his whole body tensing, a loud groan, cum spraying all over her top.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), after, his penis is red and sensitive, resting on her chest, a large cum stain on her shirt.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), the fabric of her shirt is thin, her nipples are visible and hard underneath, adding to the tease.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), standing, he is pressing her against a wall, fucking her breasts with his clothed penis, rough, urgent.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), a look of shocked pleasure on her face, feeling the heat and wetness through her shirt.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), he is looking at her with an adoring expression, a tender, intimate moment despite the act.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), his cum has soaked through her shirt and is now on her skin, she shivers.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), her hands are tangled in his hair, pulling him closer, her chest pushing against him.
(tit fuck over clothes:1.2), a single tear of pleasure on his cheek, completely overwhelmed by the intense friction and tease.